update documentation for 3x API (#1923)
intel/neural-compressor: docs/3x/get_started.md

        <td colspan="2" align="center"><a href="PT_SmoothQuant.md">Smooth Quantization</a></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td colspan="3" align="center"><a href="PT_WeightOnlyQuant.md">Weight-Only Quantization</a></td>
        <td colspan="3" align="center"><a href="PT_MXQuant.md">MX Quantization</a></td>
        <td colspan="2" align="center"><a href="PT_MixedPrecision.md">Mixed Precision</a></td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
  <thead>
      <tr>
        <th colspan="8">Tensorflow Extension APIs</th>
      </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
      <tr>
          <td colspan="3" align="center"><a href="TensorFlow.md">Overview</a></td>
          <td colspan="3" align="center"><a href="TF_Quant.md">Static Quantization</a></td>
          <td colspan="2" align="center"><a href="TF_SQ.md">Smooth Quantization</a></td>
      </tr>
  </tbody>
  <thead>
      <tr>
        <th colspan="8">Other Modules</th>
      </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
      <tr>
          <td colspan="4" align="center"><a href="autotune.md">Auto Tune</a></td>
          <td colspan="4" align="center"><a href="benchmark.md">Benchmark</a></td>
      </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

> **Note**:   

> > From 3.0 release, we recommend to use 3.X API. Compression techniques during training such as QAT, Pruning, Distillation only available in [2.X API](https://github.com/intel/neural-compressor/blob/master/docs/source/2x_user_guide.md).

Reviewer: same, suggest add "currently"

# Getting Started

1. [Quick Samples](#quick-samples)

2. [Feature Matrix](#feature-matrix)

> ## Quick Samples

Reviewer 2: We'd better have a quickstart for tf.

Author: I think we don't need much examples in get started, a simple one should be ok.

```shell

> # Install Intel Neural Compressor

Reviewer 2: Please add this example to the regular test.

Author: Ok, I will.

pip install neural-compressor-pt
```
```python
from transformers import AutoModelForCausalLM
from neural_compressor.torch.quantization import RTNConfig, prepare, convert

user_model = AutoModelForCausalLM.from_pretrained("EleutherAI/gpt-neo-125m")
quant_config = RTNConfig()
prepared_model = prepare(model=user_model, quant_config=quant_config)
quantized_model = convert(model=prepared_model)
```

## Feature Matrix

> Intel Neural Compressor 3.X aim to provide framework extension APIs for the popular deep learning frameworks PyTorch and TensorFlow. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Intel Neural Compressor 3.X aims to extend PyTorch and TensorFlow's APIs to support compression techniques.
```

The below table provides a quick overview of the APIs available in Intel Neural Compressor 3.X.

> The new APIs mainly focus on quantization related features especially for the algorithms benefit LLM inference. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Intel Neural Compressor 3.X mainly focuses on quantization-related features, especially for algorithms that benefit LLM accuracy and inference.
```

> It also provides some common APIs across different frameworks. For example, Auto Tune API support accuracy driven quantization and mixed precision, benchmark API aimed to measure the multiple instances performance of the quantized model.

Reviewer 2: I feel `module` is more appropriate than `APIs`. BTW, `common` is invisible for users.

Author: Agree, I will change APIs into module. And here the common APIs not related to the common folder, just means auto-tune and benchmark which is common used across frameworks. To avoid confuse, I will update into others.
